Add documentation on external keys to PKI (#3764)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/api/secret/pki.mdx

- `type` `(string: <required>)` - Specifies the type of the key to
  create. If `exported`, the private key will be returned in the response; if
  `internal` the private key will not be returned and _cannot be retrieved
  later_. If `kms`, we expect the `external_key_ref` parameter to refer to an

>   external key configuration. This parameter is part of the request URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  later_. If `kms`, we expect the `external_key_ref` parameter to refer to an
  external key. This parameter is part of the request URL.
```

Perhaps to avoid interpretation as it being a _config_ and not a _key_.

Author: Adjusted everywhere. Thanks!

  generated keys. Allowed values are 0 (universal default); with
  `key_type=rsa`, allowed values are: 2048 (default), 3072, or
  4096; with `key_type=ec`, allowed values are: 224, 256 (default),
  384, or 521; ignored with `key_type=ed25519`. Ignored when `type=kms`.

> - `external_key_ref` `(string: "")` - When `type=external-key`, this specifies

Reviewer: Is it `type=kms` or `type=external-key` now?

Author: Ah, `type=kms`; that aligns with Vault Enterprise.

Reviewer: Thanks, I hate it.
